Nicole Bacon: So I'm kind of under covers cuz I'm I can't get warm today. So kind of weird like
Nicole Bacon: Getting a cold, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So someone told me that, um, it's really cold out there like below four or something insane.
Nicole Bacon: It's pretty cold. It's the little sunny today, but yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right clouds aren't keeping the heat and it's just burn right
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're also gonna sing a little bit of some runny nose, and some cold symptoms.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, a little bit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk a little bit about
Gwenevere Abriel: where we left off, got on the phone, there was sort of this. Oh my gosh moment. And where did that leave you between that call. And now what have you been going through
Nicole Bacon: I freaked out for a little bit and I'm like,
Nicole Bacon: Thinking. Well, I guess I'll go do that other program that my probation officer mentioned, but I really didn't want to. So I'm glad you got back to me.
Nicole Bacon: So,
Nicole Bacon: I went to visit a friend and talked about it a little bit and
Nicole Bacon: Man, I've just been here at the house, taking care of the animals. My parents are, how are out of town again. So I'm sitting, I took I bring my bed kitty with me time okay felt bad about leaving her for three links. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how long have you been already awake.
Nicole Bacon: So I woke up.
Nicole Bacon: At 930 cuz my mom wanted me to take my grandma to go do some blood tests and I call my grandma and she's like, Oh no, my heat there. I can't get it. I could do it myself and my okay so I
Nicole Bacon: Went back to bed. I had a hard time sleeping. I didn't sleep till late
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about
Gwenevere Abriel: Sharing with your friend. Tell me about the friend.
Nicole Bacon: So I actually talked to Shannon okay and
Nicole Bacon: Told her
Nicole Bacon: You know I made this commitment and this contract and
Nicole Bacon: Felt like guy was like on my last
Nicole Bacon: Opportunity there and
Nicole Bacon: First, I called her, you know, and then I went over later to talk to you more about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's your wife figure right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, she's the one that's like, well, have you taken inventory of
Nicole Bacon: Everything you've done. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the feedback you got from her.
Nicole Bacon: Just to, you know, we'll do what you need to do to have your medication and and
Nicole Bacon: KEEP GOING WITH your therapy, you know, don't let it mess you up, you know, it always I can always call her. Okay, so she's been opening back up to me a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about your initial assessment of this sort of judgment piece that was there before. What are you noticing about how you're maybe open to her.
Nicole Bacon: Just being vulnerable and accepting
Nicole Bacon: Instead of
Nicole Bacon: Being hostile towards her like
Nicole Bacon: Like feeling like yes she wants to drill it in me that I'm a fuck up instead of that more just
Nicole Bacon: We know printer and being like, well, yeah, this person cares about me immensely and always has and she just wants the best for me and
Nicole Bacon: I'm gonna hear it from her straight always and when I don't want to hear straight, then that's the issue.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe wrap yourself around your blanket. But let's do try to have a therapeutic environment. See if you can get me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm in front of you, versus kind of up your nose.
Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still pretty low. Let's get one that it's literally you know where you and I are i'd i
Gwenevere Abriel: Just that that part's pretty important. That's a lot better. That's getting
Nicole Bacon: So good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta be able to stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Fantastic. Nicely done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What I mentioned was that we would spend a little bit of time deconstructing what worked, what didn't work and
Gwenevere Abriel: Assuming just human. We sleep. We're, we're overtired, things like that. I get all of that. But why don't we look at at today so I your appointment was right on the hour and I was checking in and what I don't know is how long it takes. People like to be in that queue.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: How long did you give yourself to actually because really what bright heart health actually wants is you guys check in a half hour before your session.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you can see why that would be the case when there's a whole bunch of people checking in. For group right
Nicole Bacon: Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, sometimes I see people at six in the morning and I don't really need them to be there. A half hour before there's not going to be anybody there but for you. You might want to be considering
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot. There's a lot at stake, I might have to do a Bam. What if they tell me to do a drug screen. What if I there's some weird random new survey, they come up with that they want to throw at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there's right this travel time I used to call it. I used to live in California and I would give myself a lead time of two hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that might seem insane certainly is out here in Florida. They were like, how is that a thing out here. It's a half hour I give myself like this little window for traffic is like compared to LA. This is like there's no traffic.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't exist like that people just slowed down, whatever. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this thing that was there this appointment or whatever it was, wasn't going to move. They don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta change it.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, it's usually a lot of times, and I'm about to text you and then they answer within a couple minutes, but I do need to just
Nicole Bacon: If our appointments at one, I need to just put it down at 1245 again like I did do that for one week and I think it was helping and I stopped doing that for some reason, I need to go back to doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to
Nicole Bacon: Your demon before just yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's more than just check in, don't you want to wash your face, brush your teeth hydrate. Don't you want the self care ritual to. Don't you want to also be ready because
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot that could go on and here
I
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, um, let's start with what normally we do at the end we'll start it in the front. This time, and will actually schedule stuff because right there was a lot that happened. We got really protective
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what do we already have.
Gwenevere Abriel: We already have we're already here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have tomorrow at noon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which translates to
Nicole Bacon: Live in 35 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got to 27 1135 now I'm writing it down. So I'm going to be asking you to go put that in your phone even log out if you have to. That's home for this is
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Not sure you want to write it down. It's up to you.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I have it in my phone, but I'll change the time
Nicole Bacon: And Jenny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have to 28 at right you'll change it maybe to 1145 or 11th sorry 35
Nicole Bacon: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to write in there because you may forget what it is because it's a weird date, but it's group. It's actually a 12pm group.
Gwenevere Abriel: 1135 that's giving you extra that 10 MINUTES TO CHECK IN WITH wash face hydrate. If there's coffee that you drink whatever's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get that self care part
Nicole Bacon: Group at noon I will put it
Nicole Bacon: In 35
Gwenevere Abriel: And then set march 3
Gwenevere Abriel: At same thing
Nicole Bacon: Maybe 1135 3035 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I've gotta check and see when we sign this contract.
Probably still see it. I'm you say
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, she won 29 so
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say BY ABOUT THAT DAY OF MARCH 3 as far as I'm concerned, this there was a little blip here, but you've been working really hard to show these appointments, you're working hard in the
Gwenevere Abriel: Same group.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to ask you, when you get to march 3
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at your goals. Let's take a look and see if we want to stay at twice a week or we can go to, once a week. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now
Gwenevere Abriel: I have been very on purpose being very gentle very careful getting all of this sort of preparation stuff done, while at the same time watching right this sort of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Foot to but piece, which has to do with just regular old show up for what you committed to that accountability part which
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an important part, but it's not the same thing as an experiential therapeutic exercise.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can be happening at the same time. And we're doing that we're doing the foot to buck piece. Now we're talking about. Okay, what do I say I'm going to do, I'm going to make sure I protect that time but
Gwenevere Abriel: Haven't done any of the the therapeutic exercises.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's check in, again, on March 3 and see, see how you feel about it. So what I want to do is I'm going to hold a spot just for that week.
Gwenevere Abriel: For 12 on March 5 which would mean you would have this last week of twice a week that's already set
Gwenevere Abriel: And then if we're sitting here on on the third saying this is just ridiculous. I mean, you don't need this. I mean, this is to intensive. I don't think that's what we're going to end up saying, but
Nicole Bacon: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It was my assessment that I thought you needed an IoT anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: So anyway there, right there. So go ahead and put in your phone if you could 1135 for March 3
Gwenevere Abriel: Party tactic. And then same time 1135
Gwenevere Abriel: For march 5
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I've got
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got you in there and also keep in mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll be some little wiggling around on my part.
Gwenevere Abriel: In
Gwenevere Abriel: April, just I think it's the first week of April. Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: We're doing around good going around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, meaning, I'll be flying actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of state doesn't mean I can't meet with people, but it probably does mean I can't meet with people.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Because vacation.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I know I had some actually doing a training on in the Bainbridge Island and in Seattle area. Thank you, kind of may know a little bit about area right
Nicole Bacon: So bit
Gwenevere Abriel: About and so yeah I'll be up there so long flight.
Gwenevere Abriel: The hook I pick a further place to fly to
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Nicole Bacon: Usually over
Gwenevere Abriel: So what kind of keep that in mind so good that we're doing all this stuff settling in. Now because there might be a little, a little wrinkle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So just kind of go inside now kind of check in here and see is there anxiety is there apprehension. Is there a belief about yourself about me about us about our treatment, just check in and see what emerges. What's got lots of
Gwenevere Abriel: Lots of energy around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be none of the above.
Nicole Bacon: But look, yeah I ok so this morning. Since my mom told me to take my grandma and my grandma said no.
Nicole Bacon: Now my moms like well how's mama. And I told her I would go by later. But I want to feel better. So I'm going to take like black elderberry there's something to help me feel a little bit better. So I can go over there because I don't want to lie to her, you know,
Nicole Bacon: And she's fees, a camera. Anyways, so it's like my grandma put me in a weird position.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's what I don't get. There was no need, right. Somehow she was going to make it on our own.
Nicole Bacon: That's the thing though my when my mom's here. She's, she's like Oh, help me with everything. I can't do anything.
Nicole Bacon: And then the same thing.
Nicole Bacon: I call her and she's like, Oh no, they have me. You don't have to take me. Just tell your mom that you took me. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, no, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Nicole Bacon: I don't like that. So I said I would go see her later. Anyways, after this appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. So something's coming up. So is this the this is maternal grandmother. This is your mom's mother. It's the same woman that sort of has this that storyline about sort of how the skin looks
Nicole Bacon: Natalie, I want
Nicole Bacon: Okay. Yes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so that's it. Now I see what you mean by put me in a weird position.
Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, and that's why I'm like, I haven't gotten ready and stuff because I'm like, Okay, I have to do all this, put the makeup on. It's a big ordeal for me to go here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, right.
Nicole Bacon: Man Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this actually sounds very familiar to show the last time we had, and you actually have it in real time.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Nicole Bacon: So I guess when like when I when I'm not feeling like really good and I just like
Nicole Bacon: Woke up for our appointment.
Nicole Bacon: I haven't watched my face and stuff. And I am sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's an interesting and very odd apology.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want. So I'm okay. It's the wash face.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's interesting.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I'm more inclined, but I feel like I can be real with you and
Nicole Bacon: Like not judgmental and said let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me make sure I correct that that
Nicole Bacon: Washes or
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me insert something else. I wish I had said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Splash cold water on your face to wake up. I wish I said that
Nicole Bacon: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Nicole Bacon: No, I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see what you did with that and I apologize. Um, yeah, I wish I would have chosen my words better
Nicole Bacon: It's this weird. The New Mexican family society thing of like
Nicole Bacon: Make it all look good all the time, no matter if it's good or not. Let's not talk about it out of law right
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I've got
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got, I've got some makeup is just, they're so heavy. These days, lots and lots of makeup. Yeah, I'm glad you brought that up. That's really neat that you said that directly to me. That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it like to directly. Talk to me. Even though let's you know i know you took the route of apology, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But she called in. He kept talking and you held on to yourself there and how did it turn out, we actually, we talked about and got some clarification.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I know that the
Nicole Bacon: just realizing it's just some very deep.
Nicole Bacon: Vanity just like
Nicole Bacon: Deep family vanity issues men, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It, but it's also proximal. It's also not gone it's still right there and you just got a dose of it this morning, or I think it was this morning. Right. Yeah. Because there's that conflict, you're presented with a conundrum, which do i do i don't i'm not a liar.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to show you respect. Oh.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, a lot of like put in a position of what I don't want to be doing in like monkey in the middle type of
Nicole Bacon: Deals yeah like in the middle. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Long term will be if you want to write those got a few you guys in there. And these sort of paradoxical relationships. Right. You remember we touched on it you benefiting from support financially, maybe, and some some pieces of it continue the
Gwenevere Abriel: Dependence part but there's a cost.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. To your psyche
Gwenevere Abriel: If you believe in the soul to the soul.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: First is, can you sit with that. Can you can, can we agree on terms that that might be happening that you're, you're really looking at it and
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to go crazy for it.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: That's one of the options. That's what these types of people kind of do you can either go crazy or you can get high.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good run away.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be defining
Gwenevere Abriel: And defiance is an interesting word defiance can show up in different ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: defiance doesn't have to be spraying on the walls. And then, you know, screw you, and pulling your pants down or something weird like, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that big. I'm sorry.
Nicole Bacon: A little strange.
Gwenevere Abriel: popped into my head so
Gwenevere Abriel: So defiance can be our own private little inner smile. You know, like
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a firm no on that one, right.
That
Gwenevere Abriel: That private space that we decide who touches it was access to it right where our soul is in our psyche and boundary. And that's a firm. No, we don't have to say it because it probably won't be heard, the way you want it to with her.
Nicole Bacon: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how you brought that up. I asked you kind of what's coming up. This is coming up again, you're in, you're in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think let's keep talking about it. Let's keep moving through this
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, and definitely with her. I
Nicole Bacon: I would have to
Nicole Bacon: Take a long time and get really high to go over to see her honestly
Gwenevere Abriel: For goodness sake.
Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Cuz she's like, I get there and she's like, she's okay for a little bit. And she's like,
Nicole Bacon: I'm ready to die.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right. Can we have a Segway, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Read position something in between hours. You want to die.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah no her house. She goes there pretty quick. Mmm, it's hard to try to keep that
Nicole Bacon: Please don't go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Nicole use you have choice there too. So this is just one other person's perspective and we're not going into the content with the makeup, which we could. It's pretty relevant, but let's go to this one for a second. So I've worked with
Gwenevere Abriel: People that have skipped so affective disorder. Right. So it's a it's an organic brain dis ease. It's not family systems. Some although you can see some symptoms that are similar, but this is very much an organic etiology.
Gwenevere Abriel: For them, those voices those relationships, those tactics are real.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what am I going to do try and convince them. They're not real.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to learn more about it. I'm going to share my own experience of having my reality not heard by other people.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how it can feel hopeless. I can do that. I can meet them there because our relationship is important. It's also important, even with somebody else can. So 20 hours so effective disorder that I said turn with them, they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Not fight it not be in conflict.
Nicole Bacon: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If your Nana or mom or whatever you call it. Her these days, right, you
Gwenevere Abriel: May want to die, you know, and I'm going to say, me too, sometimes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm telling you what this life is friggin hard, tell me why you want to die. Now, that's me, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It you have, haven't you,
Gwenevere Abriel: You actually can find that place with her without feeling it for her. You can sit with your own and say, I can you got this cookie superficial way about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grandma. But that actually, I felt something like that where I thought I just, this is just, I'm done.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder what she would say,
Nicole Bacon: Oh gosh, you know what, and like I haven't thought of my grandma like
Nicole Bacon: It more of those type of skin so issues because I had to accept.
Nicole Bacon: Was schizo for two years and I never knew a few was telling the truth or being real or not, but in the moment. That's very real for them. That's what's happening. And I guess I like separated the two like like it's not in the family or something. And yeah, it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not trying to allude
Gwenevere Abriel: That anyone your family has has
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, but no issue.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my the actual point has to do with
Nicole Bacon: Two meter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meter there if you're curious because typically you in order for you to survive in your family environment. You've needed to see the danger and risk involved in all these these things like this thing with the makeup and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's dangerous and you perceive threat. So of course right you I don't want to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to get high.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or someone to feel the danger. I don't want to feel it's awful.
Nicole Bacon: But you can. That's not an option anymore. So I have to meet things meet mean it where it's at. Instead of because it makes me feel even more uncomfortable been backing away.
Nicole Bacon: In my body and being like, well, that's yours, not mine. I feel overwhelmed by that but I you know I feel stronger now that I don't have to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, it is true, it is hers, not yours. Let's true but this one is really complicated.
Nicole Bacon: This one has
Gwenevere Abriel: extra layers of fun so
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can go any which way you want to. With this
Gwenevere Abriel: But just keep in mind. They're just skills. All you're going to do is you're going to use some skills, you might forget some skills, you are not at stake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your love ability, your perfection as a human being, which means you're flawed. Just like me and everybody else is not at stake. That's intact.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to do you think back a little bit about what we did last time kind of visit that in your memory if you can remember any of it at all like
Nicole Bacon: This
Gwenevere Abriel: role play thing with the makeup and just felt like if I had access to being able to just be like, what is that
Gwenevere Abriel: And being curious. So there's that kind of way of being.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this other word I threw out, which is this inner defiance. This little
Gwenevere Abriel: I will not betray myself.
Nicole Bacon: I i've got a little taste of that a couple days ago.
Nicole Bacon: Talking to what I call her my boss. I mean, I
Nicole Bacon: I gave her my booth rent at the salon, but she got on the phone with me for like
Nicole Bacon: A very long time talking to me about a client and if she was in the rate talking to her about all this stuff and
Nicole Bacon: I'm like scarlet, honestly, you're going to just have to be like I did the best I could do, and he he laughing. I'll have
Nicole Bacon: LAUGH LAUGH Because I know I got I I'm strong in my communication skills with that person. You know, and so it is. I honestly used to live life a lot like that. Like all the time before
Gwenevere Abriel: Like what bring you up to speed, where we're at in your fan.
Nicole Bacon: Of like this little like
Nicole Bacon: Defiant like he like playful thing of like, okay, I'm looking at the situation from a different perspective. Instead of like getting caught in the mushy or the the
Nicole Bacon: Fear or the lower vibrational stuff that
Gwenevere Abriel: You could stay in the same room, but sort of still have a distance. IT WASN'T AFFECTING YOU somehow
Nicole Bacon: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you weren't. Hi, you were able to to notice that that that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, actual okay so you recognize this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So now let's just see what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I write, notice what you say back to me where that defiance lives, maybe in your body, or what its battle cry is right, what the flag of Dave will not move from here, I will not be moved from this position. This is my truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up for you. Let's do a little bit of that role playing again.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I say
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I, I, something's different about she didn't put makeup on what's going on with your face. Why aren't you wearing makeup. Don't you care about how you look, you know, that's like a sign of self esteem. What do you
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing, I don't, I don't want it. Would you don't respect me not going to put makeup on. Why don't you do that I taught you better than that.
Nicole Bacon: Well, it's a it's a personal thing for me to heal my skin. And every time I put makeup on it. It makes it worse gamma. So, in the long run. Um, I want to look good. So this is the weird in between of
Nicole Bacon: awkwardness.
Nicole Bacon: I don't have to look at if you don't want to do
Nicole Bacon: Okay, good talk like this.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, what's
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. You did great. You found your giggle but you did something where you're still hooked and it has to do with you addressed my content. You were lost. As soon as she caught the content.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you have a choice. You can go there. Yeah, that was amazing. If you liked it, but you were defending yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, I was threatening.
Nicole Bacon: You with content.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can, but then she may have a better one. She's good at this. She's probably better than all of us at sparring.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's really she's got this denial. This like superficial thing down. Okay, she's good at it. She's better than me. She's gonna win.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think I want to play her game.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to play a different one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of get off off center, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Remember that that word I used last time, which had to do with curiosity had to do. Notice how he didn't you went to logic and
Nicole Bacon: I've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Good reason I'm defending. I've got a good reason. I, uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: My future you don't owe her an explanation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right real of if the defiance is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to explain myself.
Nicole Bacon: Maybe that's it. We don't know. We're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, check into that we're looking around. We're playing here. So what if it's that curiosity thing. What if it's remember that one we did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what could you say Were you were not afraid of me.
Nicole Bacon: What because if you had any days that you
Nicole Bacon: Didn't want to put any makeup on.
Gwenevere Abriel: My gosh what did that feel like
Way.
Nicole Bacon: Way better
Gwenevere Abriel: Different. Now I have to answer your question, what you
Gwenevere Abriel: Did was you took your racket.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, nice backswing. And you followed it back to her side.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a new game and you asked her a question. When you ask a question, you take that heat that she dumped on you and you put it back on her side where it belongs. You put all of that energy five thing. You're right. You have a better grasp on that kind of language stuff.
Nicole Bacon: I don't live in a
Gwenevere Abriel: Live
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing but I like it. But bottom line is we
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, put it back on her side, different game you falling it back now she has to answer now it. There's any number of things that can happen. Oh, don't you be sassy with me. Who knows, I don't know what she's gonna say um
Nicole Bacon: No, she probably just laugh and like change the subject.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you were
Gwenevere Abriel: I do not play racquetball we're playing
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, cuz I learned that, you know, like in in school growing up like with my last name, bacon, like, oh yeah, will tell me something I haven't heard de de but in relation to my family. Like I never learned that skill ever like growing up. I know. Yeah, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: That would have been inconvenient for your mother when
Nicole Bacon: She
Gwenevere Abriel: Does the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing.
Nicole Bacon: She did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, either grandma doesn't know either because notice she doesn't know what to do with you. Well, as soon as you don't play the game. It's just a word game when you stop analyzing and interpreting what that trick is you opt out. Just stop down
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself. You're not liking that conversation. You have a right to not like the conversation like this topic. I don't like a never have stupid TalkBack.
Nicole Bacon: You say,
Gwenevere Abriel: You say yourself, obviously, and
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be quiet also
You can just hit her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she can say, Why are you being quiet what's going on. I just for even thinking about what you said.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I remember that one too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Yeah, that would do. I repeat it. I love the broken record. I'm not trying to assume I haven't said it, but I like the broken
Nicole Bacon: No please remind me because my memories like
We forget
Gwenevere Abriel: We forget because then, okay, that's that brass, and then I might remember these fun little tricks.
Mm hmm.
Nicole Bacon: Oh yeah you ever had a day that you didn't feel like putting your makeup on.
Gwenevere Abriel: By the way, Grandma, you all. You always look spot on, you know, you don't have to get a look all party for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. We should have like a just a spa day grandma where we just, like, ah, we're just gonna be in the rocks can where I can dance all day, and we're gonna massage are foodies and we're going to get you see it now. Yeah. Now you can play with her.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, which that's ultimately like she loves playing. She's like a little kid.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, she stuck in the rules to
Gwenevere Abriel: She was around and hammered in look good as a girl look pretty. That's the most important thing. It's the most important thing somehow
Nicole Bacon: Right. Oh yeah, freshman year. She's already like I met this guy yet. Well, I want to introduce like she was already talking about me having babies it freshman
Nicole Bacon: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, it's good that she's been
Nicole Bacon: But now I feel a sense of, like, not just dreading it of like having a couple tools.
Nicole Bacon: So yay.
Nicole Bacon: Yay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what happens when we don't see them as a threat. They're just people they're doing the best they can. She's over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just trying to find a way to connect with you. What if that's what it is. What if she wants to be of service to you. Right. Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's exciting.
Nicole Bacon: That's another
Gwenevere Abriel: Person.
Gwenevere Abriel: That gets love you. That's another person that you get to feel supported by because they're not scary, right. That's nice. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We get to decide what we want to talk about. That's what I mean by difference
Gwenevere Abriel: This is my moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: This conversation that we have, you know, pop psychology that word boundary. Well, you can use it all you want, or mindfulness or whatever. But there's a whole other level to really grow rocking it to getting it down on a cellular level ally know my bounce.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really knowing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then relaxing into it because it's, it's just, you're so used to honoring it
Nicole Bacon: That's gonna be awesome. That's awesome.
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: not taught in most homes not taught in most schools. Okay, so we learn it. Now we know better. We do better. Just keep it in those dichotomous terms cheese. It's catchy.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's use what you just did and really get a nice deep groove on this skill around the way you can just lie to mom because that one just came up to got a little bit of time. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: The same kind of thing.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't write you don't lie. You don't like flying. I think you
Nicole Bacon: Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of pride in authenticity and
Nicole Bacon: Right. And I just learned, like to
Nicole Bacon: You know, I, I was the only child didn't have siblings. I was always around grown up. So I was taught kind of old respect your grown ups by
Nicole Bacon: Answering all their questions, doing what they think is the right thing and that is
Nicole Bacon: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I know it's confusing. That's why the choices we go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Run away use drugs or die. Right. It's like one of those like what, right, what are we supposed to do with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah and now you're learning you opt out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You pay attention to how your gut feels every time. How does my throat. Feel how does my chest feel my hand sweating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is my reading
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I breathing. Am I even remembering to breathe in my so like freaking out.
Nicole Bacon: The other day I saw this woman talking about
Nicole Bacon: She had gone through cancer and she she beat it and how she looks at the world is that that
Nicole Bacon: She thinks that we all only have a certain amount of energy and it and looking at situations and whatever does my energy, do I want to even put this in this situation, and I really liked thinking about that, like,
Nicole Bacon: It's like wasting energy. Not like but just kind of
Nicole Bacon: Speaking of when it matters or
Nicole Bacon: You know, really thinking before
Nicole Bacon: Speaking sometimes because the automatic is to have an automatic response, real quick, you know,
Nicole Bacon: And I kind of like that thinking about that for a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't hear you take the metaphor too far.
Nicole Bacon: Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't hear you but it could it could go far. That certainly Chinese medicine and a lot of different theory uses this concept of energy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe even
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a finite amount of it and it just changes form I die I feed right trees. The grass.
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn into a meal for something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just transform
Gwenevere Abriel: So you like this idea, this notion of energy. Do you like the idea of it being
Gwenevere Abriel: Finite or that there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Scarcity to it and you not want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Parcel it off to some people. And some people you do, and you get filled with others. What do you like about this metaphor event.
Nicole Bacon: I like it more of like the way of you know that
Nicole Bacon: It's precious precious amount. And when I was going through the trauma and whatever I didn't feel like I had a lot because I was stuck in the negative mindset. And so to keep in the positive mindset. It feels like the energy is my energy is building up and I'm getting stronger, but still
Nicole Bacon: Not a choose not to.
Nicole Bacon: Get into certain situations or or into even certain conversations. If I know it's going to be a waste or if it's going to be
Nicole Bacon: Not a waste of energy. But just like
What's
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's no
Nicole Bacon: Way being in control, again, of being in control of my
Nicole Bacon: Energy and how I wanna
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, there we go.
Nicole Bacon: In the world and we go yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe it's so if we use that metaphor. When we say you're acknowledging that it's precious no one taught you really how to protect your own energy. People can suck it out idea. They didn't teach you how to hold on to it right
Nicole Bacon: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we use that metaphor, there's this acknowledgement. It's precious you're learning
Gwenevere Abriel: How to hold on to it and parcel it out to those that you choose are worthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Now your skills and your ability to radar and find people that are worthy. I'm still kind of watching you.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, please watch me
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, you know, I told you I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I'll tell you exactly what I'm thinking. And I'm I'm watching because
Gwenevere Abriel: There's been a disregard for your preciousness
Nicole Bacon: You're right, and
Gwenevere Abriel: So, first there's that acknowledgement of your precious right very precious
Gwenevere Abriel: And worthy of looking inward and acknowledging it
Gwenevere Abriel: And whatever amount of time that takes and
So what's coming up for you just now.
Nicole Bacon: I just have
Nicole Bacon: I want to get your opinion on something.
Nicole Bacon: I feel like one of my, I don't know. I call it super powers or just one of my gifts is people just tell me their inner secrets. The first time I meet them. And I don't know, like, usually I just go with it and that it up, but I'm finding that like I don't know what
Nicole Bacon: Skills, I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it. Yeah, let's you don't have to come up with all but
Gwenevere Abriel: Water is simple but, doggone it, we need it. Listen, with the basics. Because I'm going to tell you will do a lot of talking will do a lot of dancing around lots of imagery and it's going to probably come down to a couple of really basic things that will be with you forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe not fancy, but there's some basics that are that are super, super helpful. So let's just look I don't even know where we're going to go but
Gwenevere Abriel: You liked the metaphor of energy. Why don't we stick with that one. I don't even know where this will take us. Let's go together. I don't have an answer for you. Let's go play together with energy want you to picture that person who just unloads their wounding on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see it right, you've got a few images of that.
Mm hmm.
What happens to the color.
To the vibration
Gwenevere Abriel: To the speed to the size of that energy when you are around someone unloading their wounding on you.
Nicole Bacon: Gets like mucky like mucky energy and it gets kind of like hot
Nicole Bacon: And reddish orange.
Okay.
Nicole Bacon: And it happens a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. So you're bringing it up for a reason, right. This is something you want to be able to address out there in the world, people don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: Good boundaries themselves right they over share to stand up the sign of their poor boundaries. They didn't test you out. They didn't ask you, do you want to hear a little bit. They. That's what we do when we have good register boundaries. We go like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That reminds me of my crummy childhood and then we look at the person we're talking right
Nicole Bacon: Yeah check in.
Gwenevere Abriel: check in and see if you're interested. And if you go like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever talked to a professional about that I ran into a therapist. That's really good. I wasn't expecting it. She looked like a square, but she ended up kind of being cookie.
Nicole Bacon: I had this random woman come up to me in the Walgreens parking lot and just
Gwenevere Abriel: That's abusive, Nicole. Doesn't it feel like that.
Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: I'm tired of being that for people
Nicole Bacon: Because I just think people
Nicole Bacon: Think I kind of look like childlike, are they, I'm
Nicole Bacon: Just all around me and they're just
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Matter. Doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. That's right. Just yuck.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a violation. It's on invited
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's the same damn thing is someone putting their paws. It's the same thing. And this stuff. No one says, here's the scar. No one says this is not okay. They just, they think you're being a bad insensitive not nice little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your social doctrine is
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it, but that's a violation. And I'm telling you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to hear it. It's not okay, it's a violation. They may not do that. They may not put that yuck.
Over here. No, no. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you have choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in the moment gets real complicated and I give you some ideas. But the first one is that you first register. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a no.
Gwenevere Abriel: First, just sit there, that it is even okay that you register to know because your social doctrine is be a good girl, and be nice and you listen
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you get hurt that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't that simple. It isn't there are real turkeys that are at
Gwenevere Abriel: Insensitive and hurtful and I don't want you just know you better earn my respect all start with respecting you as a human. How about you respect me as a human. You don't don't your crap on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I respect your space. I don't go see me going, knocking on your door. I'm not telling you all my stories dumping on you. I respect you, first as a human. Please respect my space right that's the
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's the defiance. No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Catch it catch it, where you're going to feel it somewhere in your body. First, I know no one believes me but your body's going to know the know before you come up with the word because you've been trained to say yes and good girls just going to listen answer their questions and be held.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yo listen, listen, listen.
Nicole Bacon: Now usually like if it's really extreme are like, yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Go back really quick. Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the teachers in our life are slicker than that. That woman comes at you route of the blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds important for you. I wonder who you can talk to about that. I'm going over here. No, ma'am. That sounds important You need to find someone to hear you see this hand, you need to protect yourself. She was coming at you in a violent way.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: May have had some mental illness that but you don't contain that for someone else. No, she needs professional help. I'm going this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm not the right person to hear your stories.
Gwenevere Abriel: Note and pause out
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: The same way you do this comes at you. You gotta write this is just this is important, but you got to protect this
Nicole Bacon: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Your new
Gwenevere Abriel: Your training has conditioned you
Gwenevere Abriel: to second guess that intuition is there. You know what's acceptable to your energy field. You do know you do know you do register it just gotten out of the habit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of honoring it. And so, so it's just going to be back in just a nice atonement of
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like
Gwenevere Abriel: Who I am around you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like who I am around you and you
Gwenevere Abriel: I like who I am around you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to hang around you. I'm gonna ask you out and tie with you you I like who I am around you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you have
Gwenevere Abriel: You got your shit together you know don't want your crap on me. That's nice. Oh, I like that. I'm gonna be around some people that don't dump all over me or exploit me. Okay. Yeah. Oh, you got a little bit of that. I'm gonna keep an eye on you, your, your, maybe you see it.
Nicole Bacon: Right, yeah.
Nicole Bacon: And and I've noticed something like
Nicole Bacon: Okay, when people text me quick question.
Nicole Bacon: That's like
Nicole Bacon: And then it's something like really strange or weird or something that
Nicole Bacon: Could have totally waited. That's like green, red flags up for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and texting. Anyway, you don't you don't like them. You don't want to rapid fire. And anyone who's been listening to you is going to remember that.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think about every time I text you I'm like oh my gosh I do so much texting now because you guys your lives are like roller coasters.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think Oh no. What if I've just charged her up and gotten her, like, Oh, no.
Nicole Bacon: Oh, it was the non tech scene that freaked me out because I forgot about group and then usually you texted me
Nicole Bacon: Yeah. And then I was like,
Nicole Bacon: Well, I'm coming in. I'm in the middle of the ocean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So this is how the teacher shows up. Everybody showed up yesterday I was a back to back. I barely eight right so i i had like no time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right then there might have been a little something in the back like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to texture. This is too important. There might have been a little something in the back ground fuzzy static thing might have had so much at the back there. But honestly, I was fried. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, but that's the way these lessons come at you with this is just really right now. This is you're going to call this one now. Yes, life is going to do that.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what to do with the text, how is that any different, how, what's wrong with
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't understand this text and you write it. I don't understand your text or you just put it down. Don't answer right. You do the analysis you do all this work the same in person.
Nicole Bacon: I'm I just I just put it down. I might I give. It's really important. You'll call me. I feel like
Nicole Bacon: Yes, but the quick question thing is is like
Nicole Bacon: I almost feel like that's a like they're testing or something like quick question. Can I bug you can they bug you can make quick question. Can I quickly bug you real quick. Like, can you quickly give me a little bit of validation and and attention. Quickly, quickly, just a little smidgen
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, has the balls to actually call me and have a conversation
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The ovaries. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, you don't actually the answer is no, I don't have time for that game. I don't have time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have time for nice slow respectful communication, where I share and vulnerable and then you share a little and we see for okay we crack some jokes we are tender and careful I have time for that. I want you to write that back.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have time to be deliberate and conscious and intentional with your communication with me then, yeah, I've got some time.
Nicole Bacon: Right.
Different game.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have lot you have let you set up some some reinforcement with certain types of people out there. You want to opt out, it's going to just be different, different, different
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm.
Nicole Bacon: But I'm excited. I have found more people and trusted people that I should have before and and building more of a support network so
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Nicole Bacon: I like it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep your eye on the radar for people were
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And they've got that phrase energy vampire thing is floating around. So they're not sucking it out to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're adding new words, new ideas that excite you, or you like who you are when you are around them.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: He's
Gwenevere Abriel: On the on the medication front. Do you need anything.
Nicole Bacon: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me what you need.
Nicole Bacon: Me medication. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: My name is
Dr. Aubrey L.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you need to get you
Gwenevere Abriel: Give you already had some today or no.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I've had some today.
Nicole Bacon: And yeah, I only had like a couple left. So I'm pretty low. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just going to tell her what our plan is just for this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, will attend
Tomorrow,
Gwenevere Abriel: To 27 Wow, I feel like it's Monday, that's just
Nicole Bacon: Yeah. This week I'm very
Nicole Bacon: Quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make a group to 28
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Cool. All right. Well, I will see you my Nana.
Nicole Bacon: Okay. Sounds good. Good.